{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf440
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11080\viewh14920\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Installation\

\f1\b0\fs24 If you have Growl installed, double-click on the NotifyOSX 2 icon to install the notification style.
\f0\b\fs30 \
\
About the author\

\f1\b0\fs24 Niklas Brunberg is an interaction designer by trade with experience in graphic design, layout and photography. He loves feedback, which you can send him mail at info@interaktion.info or visit www.interaktion.info/growl-display-style-notifyosx to leave comments on this work.
\f0\b\fs30 \
\
Version history\
\

\fs26 NotifyOSX version 1.3.1, 2007-11-26\

\f1\b0\fs24 \'a5 Solves a JavaScript problem that caused linebreaked content from some applications in Mac OS X 10.5 to add a "> " to the display style. \

\f0\b\fs30 \

\fs26 NotifyOSX version 1.3, 2007-11-26\

\f1\b0\fs24 \'a5 Fix for long unbreaked words such as URL:s, torrents and file names that do not have any natural word breaks.\
\'a5 Mac OS X 10.5 has a solution for an odd shadow behavior which occurred when the content of a notification was updated that changed the height of the notification but did not update the shadow accordingly.
\f0\b\fs30 \
\

\fs26 NotifyOSX version 1.2.2, 2007-10-12\

\f1\b0\fs24 This release includes:\
\'a5 A bug fix for when the opacity setting was not working across the whole display style.
\f0\b\fs30 \

\f1\b0\fs24 \'a5 A slightly smaller file size for a better memory footprint.\

\f0\b\fs30 \

\fs26 NotifyOSX version 1.2.1, 2007-10-08\

\f1\b0\fs24 NotifyOSX 2 now comes in a disk image and with a separate Read Me-file. Users of version 1.2 need not update. No changes to the notification has been made.
\f0\b\fs30 \
\

\fs26 NotifyOSX version 1.2, 2007-09-11\

\f1\b0\fs24 This version adresses the broken compatibility with Growl 1.1. The problem was the bundled version of NotifyOSX (version 1.0). Two display styles can not have identical names and since the bundled version is not in the standard plugin folder it does not get replaced when installing the newer version, thus rendering both display styles unusable. Problem was fixed by renaming this branch to 
\f2\i NotifyOSX 2
\f1\i0 \

\f0\b\fs30 \

\fs26 NotifyOSX version 1.1, 2007-11-21\

\f1\b0\fs24 This is not the original NotifyOSX, this copy has been edited by Niklas Brunberg in order to fix a few bugs in the original release:\
\
\'a5 Edited the left bar images to use significant less disk space and RAM\
\'a5 Edited the left bar to be able to scale infinitively\
\'a5 Fixed the title and text width to be more unified (better padding)\
\'a5 Added ability for the title and text to break long file names or texts.\
\
Get the edited version at: http://www.interaktion.info/growl-display-style-notifyosx/\
Get the original at: http://www.danielbergey.com/weblog/2006/08/22/growl-styles-notifyosx-and-notifyos9/}